Temporary instructions till we migrate
to epoll-based I/O demultiplexing (or kevent based?),
supporting tens of thousand of clients in one thread.

1. Compile with optimization;

Since you need performance. Edit Makefile by uncommenting OPT_FLAGS
and commenting DEBUG_FLAGS. Edit build_curl.sh and place to CFLAFS
-O2 (libcurl uses this option) instead of -g.

2. Load as a su;

3. Increase the default number of allowed open descriptors (sockets);
 
Run #ulimit -n 10000
If running several instances of curl-loader, consider increase of system
limits for open descriptors, if necessary.

4. Create configuration files for each instance of curl-loader to run.

What is important is to give a unique BATCH_NAME for each batch-file,
used by a separate instance of curl-loader. Logfile, report file, etc 
have name, which are derivatives of the BATCH_NAME, and when several
instances of curl-loader are writing to the same file, this is not
helpful and crashes. Please, use non-overlapping ranges of IP-addresses
in different configuration files, else clients will compete for addresses 
to bind to.

5. Connections re-use.

The default behavior is after HTTP response to close the tcp-connection
and to establish a new one for the next request. If you are specifying 
-r command-line option, the connection will not closed and will be re-used
for the next request. This option (-r) enables to reach huge http req/resp
numbers.

6. Troubleshooting

First runs one may try with commend-line options -v (verbose) and -u (url
in logs). Grep to look for the errors and their reasons. If an error is
"Connection timeout", you may try to increase the connection establishment
timeout (the default is 5 seconds - huge, but "ih veis"), using -c command-line
option.

If any assistance required, please, don't hesitate to contact us.

7. Statistics.

After end of run, or after SIGINT (Cntl-C), the final results are calculated
and printed to the console as well as to the file $BATCH_NAME.txt.
Current results are presented in each row, and average summary as the last
raws, separated from the rest by asterisks.
